Text comparison search tool or text similarity checker is an online utility which makes it possible for you to compare various websites by putting them side by side.

Let’s suppose that you have two text files that are very much similar in the content and you would like to find out about the differences that are there between the two tools. That’s when a text comparison search tool comes into the play! You can use a text similarity checker to compare two word documents for similarities present in them.

Whether you want to compare two articles on the same subject or check similarity between two word documents, a text similarity checker comes in very handy.

If you wish to secure yourself from copyright infringement or plagiarism, this is the tool that can let you compare content from different websites or text files side by side. You will get the percentage of duplicate content in the results with the copied content being highlighted which allows you to identify and make the recommended changes quickly.

This is the best text compare tool which you can use to compare the content of two websites conveniently. However, keep in mind to enter the correct URLs of the webpage you want to inspect, and not just the home page. This is the tool that you can use to ind out whether somebody is using your content without your permission or to prevent the possible stealing of your content. Teachers can also use this useful tool to check suspected plagiarism of students.

Whatever is your reason for choosing our text similarity checker, this is the best tool to compare two word documents for similarities.

How to Use Text Comparison Search Tool?
Comparison of texts and detecting duplication is so easy with Text Comparison Search. It is swift and free of cost for everyone. Enter the texts in the search boxes by copy paste, or upload the two suspected documents. Click Compare Contents, and see the results. Without ambiguity, and quick and precise results in parallel passages, named as First Content and Second Content. The copied text is highlighted in blue.

The software also shows the percentage of copied content on the top of each passage. There is a Clear Field button for continuing text comparison of further documents.

Use our text similarity checker now to display the similarity between two URLs or two blocks of text.

Use DupliChecker’s Text Comparison Search: Compare Documents
Want to compare to text files? Use our Text Comparison Search Tool, Now!

You now have the facility to compare two word documents for similarities, and the duplicated content percentage and highlighted similarities in the results. Compare two websites for differences, compare two articles on the same subject or check similarity between two word documents and know exactly what has been copied or paraphrased. This comparison search tool enables you to see the similarity between two texts.

You can use this text similarity checker to compare two documents and check the content similarity, either by providing the URL1 and URL2 or copying and pasting the text separately in the Text1 and Text2 box.

If you are looking for a tool to see the similarity between two different documents then without wasting any further time, use this text comparison search tool by DupliChecker. Isn’t it just great? This comparison search tool will highlight the similarity results from URLs or text you enter.

With this handy tool make sure that your article, website content or research paper is free of plagiarism. It will let you know in a matter of seconds about how similar your content is to other URLs or texts.

Importance of Text Comparison Search
At times we end up in a situation where we want to compare two websites for similarities and differences. It is quite easy to compare two texts, with the help of a text similarity checker that look very much similar to each other to track down potential plagiarism. On the other hand, you can also use this tool or software to check two documents or compare two websites for differences that have a similar overall theme. This is an excellent tool that allows you to compare two texts side by side in a most convenient manner to spot similarity or difference.

Most of these tools or programs are being used by educational institutes to compare and check the similarities between two text files or webpages. Webmasters of large websites also utilize this tool to check the uniqueness or plagiarism of their content to compare, identify and prevent copyrights claim from other sources.

Plagiarism Comparison vs. Plagiarism Check
Whenever we are talking about checking the similarity, we are only comparing two webpages, files or articles. For comparison checking, we usually use a quality text comparison search tool. However, comparing two files doesn’t necessary means that your content is completely unique or plagiarism free. It means that your content is matched or not matched to the other particular URL or text. It could be very helpful when you to compare assignments or articles.

Plagiarism check, on the other hand, is running your content 